Codex:

Fox: The British Red Fox is known for its calm, kind and unassuming behaviour, generally strolling around looking for small rodents and grub to eat. Although foxes tend to prefer houses with enclosed gardens, the advent of a massive camp in the woods attracts many of our canine friends to the outskirts, where people often leave morsels from their midday picnics for them to feast on.

The Tawny Owl: These cute birds of prey stalk the night, attempting to find a mouse or small animal that has strayed too far from it's home. They are non-migratory and can be found hibernating inside of trees during the winter months, though they should not be disturbed, as they can be territorial, so exercise caution if you choose to approach them.

Robin: The fearless little birds are known to follow camp-goers, especially those that tend to kick up a lot of dirt in the hopes of finding the odd worm here and there. Despite there cute appearance, they are surprisingly territorial, and will puff out their chests if they feel that their nest is threatened. However, their migration patterns are different here at Darkwood, as even female robins can be found here in the winter, likely due to Blackwood's unique climate.

Wolf: Often hunting in packs, these animals have become far less aggressive at Darkwood, supposedly due to an as of yet unseen predator. However, they are still very territorial and will aggressively defend the pack, especially if there are cubs present. We recommend steering clear of any wolves that you may see.

Hare: Despite being the bottom of the food chain, they have grown hostile towards humans, perhaps due to the constant coming and going of camp visitors. They have also grown far larger than in most places, as, contrary to the advice given by the camp, people feed the hares, causing them to grow at an alarming rate, although we are not quite sure what ingredient is causing this, if it even is our food.

Nameless Predator: This creature seems to enjoy staying in the thick of the forest, with no reports of it even coming near the camp, although we are finding wolf carcusses closer and closer everyday. I fear that it may begin to embolden if we don't do something now, as it is getting dangerously close. Perhaps I should investigate and figure out what is going on.
